Optimization level (#10303)
Qiskit/qiskit-terra: docs/how_to/use_optimizationlevel.rst

Reviewer: This nicely shows how the optimization levels improve the CX count and that the results can differ for each of the levels 👍🏻

I'm not sure how detailed this how-to is supposed to be, but I think it would be helpful to explain what optimization passes are included in each level to explain _why_ the circuits change. For example, level 0 does only basic routing, but level 1 includes for example CX cancellation, and level 3 even collects and re-synthesis 2-qubit blocks.

Author: The documentation focuses on a specific case, emphasizing functionality over theory. I can provide a brief description of each scenario.

#####################################
Setting transpiler optimization level
#####################################

This guide describes the effects of the ``optimization_level``
parameter of :func:`~qiskit.compiler.transpile`.

``optimization_level`` helps you to optimize your quantum circuit.
This parameter takes an integer which can be a value between 0 and 3,
where the higher the number, the more optimized the result.
You can find more information about this parameter's value and its meaning for
the internals of the :mod:`~.transpiler` in: :ref:`working_with_preset_pass_managers`.

Initialize the quantum circuit
==============================

> For this example, you will explore the `CSWAP <https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit.cswap.html>`_ gate,

Reviewer 2: I assume you did a hyperlink to the documentation so you could use `CSWAP` instead of `CSwapGate`? If so it might be better to do:

```suggestion
For this example, you will explore the :ref:`CSWAP <:class:~.CSwapGate>` gate,
```
(I think that's the correct syntax).

The coupling map, represented by the subset ``[(2,1),(1,2),(1,0),(0,1)]``, describes how the backend's physical qubits are connected.
In this configuration, the quantum circuit is transformed into a combination of one and two-qubit gates,
represented by the ``['id', 'rz', 'sx', 'x', 'cx', 'reset']``.

.. testcode::

    qc_b0 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=0)
    qc_b0.draw("mpl")                          

.. plot::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister 
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile
    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeQuitoV2

    backend = FakeQuitoV2()

    qc = QuantumCircuit(3) # Initialize the quantum circuit with 3 qubits.
    
    qc.cswap(0,1,2) # Add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit.

    qc_b0 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=0)
    qc_b0.draw("mpl")                          

When you set the ``optimization_level`` to 1, the circuit undergoes a light optimization process that focuses on collapsing adjacent gates 

> with the goal to find a heuristic layout and swap insertion algorithm, 
> improving the overall performance of the circuit. This results in a reduction in :class:`.CXGate` count and changes in the positions of qubits, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and using heuristic algorithms to find a layout and insert swaps, with the goal to
improving the overall performance of the circuit. This results in a reduction in :class:`.CXGate` count and changes in the positions of qubits, 
```

following the connections ``[(2,1),(1,0),(0,1)]``. In this example, the two adjacent gates :math:`RZ(\pi/4)` and :math:`RZ(\pi/2)` are replaced with a single :math:`RZ(3\pi/4)` operation. 

.. note::
    This optimization level is the default setting.

.. testcode::

    qc_b1 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=1)
    qc_b1.draw("mpl")                                              

.. plot::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister 
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile
    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeQuitoV2

    backend = FakeQuitoV2()

    qc = QuantumCircuit(3) # Initialize the quantum circuit with 3 qubits.
    
    qc.cswap(0,1,2) # Add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit.

    qc_b1 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=1)
    qc_b1.draw("mpl")                                              

When you set the ``qiskit.transpile`` to 2, the circuit undergoes a medium optimization process. 

> This uses a noise-adaptive layout and gate cancellation techniques based on commutation relationships, 
> while performing the same process as when the ``optimization_level`` is 1, but with an increased number of iterations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This adds gate cancellation techniques based on commutation relationships to the optimization techniques used in ``optimization_level`` is 1. Additionally, the same heuristic layout and swap insertion technique is used
but with an increased number of iterations.
```

#####################################
Setting transpiler optimization level
#####################################

> This guide shows you how to use the ``optimization_level``
> parameter of :func:`~qiskit.compiler.transpile`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This guide describes the effects of the ``optimization_level``
parameter of :func:`~qiskit.compiler.transpile`.
```
Just a suggestion; Using the parameter is easy (just changing one character), I think this page is more describing / explaining the behavior.

``optimization_level`` helps you to optimize your quantum circuit.
This parameter takes an integer which can be a value between 0 and 3,
where the higher the number, the more optimized the result.
You can find more information about this parameter's value and its meaning for
the internals of the :mod:`~.transpiler` in: :ref:`working_with_preset_pass_managers`.

Initialize the quantum circuit
==============================

For this example, you will explore the `CSWAP <https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit.cswap.html>`_ gate,
which is a three qubit gate which will be transpiled into one and two qubit gates.

.. plot::
    :include-source:

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit 
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile
    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeQuitoV2

    backend = FakeQuitoV2()

    qc = QuantumCircuit(3) # Initialize the quantum circuit with 3 qubits.
    
    qc.cswap(0,1,2) # Add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit.
    
    qc.draw("mpl")

Using backend’s information
===========================

The effect of setting the ``optimization_level`` will differ depending on the backend you are using.

> You should adhere to the specific configuration of your backend when utilizing :func:`~qiskit.transpile` . 

Author: yes

This process entails breaking down your circuit into ``operation_names`` and considering the physical connections specified in the 
``coupling_map`` for two qubit gates.
Given the presence of noise in the backend, it is crucial to optimize your circuit by adjusting the ``optimization_level`` parameter. 
This will help minimize the number of circuit operations and enhance the overall performance.

When using a backend, you can access its properties through the instruction  :meth:`backend.configuration()`.

> These properties, such as operation names, the coupling map connection, and init layout, play a crucial role in shaping the behavior of the quantum circuit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These properties, such as operation names, the coupling map connection, and initial layout, play a crucial role in shaping the behavior of the quantum circuit.
```

improving the overall performance of the circuit. This results in a reduction in :class:`.CXGate` count and changes in the positions of qubits, 
following the connections ``[(2,1),(1,0),(0,1)]``. In this example, the two adjacent gates :math:`RZ(\pi/4)` and :math:`RZ(\pi/2)` are replaced with a single :math:`RZ(3\pi/4)` operation. 

.. note::
    This optimization level is the default setting.

.. testcode::

    qc_b1 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=1)
    qc_b1.draw("mpl")                                              

.. plot::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister 
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile
    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeQuitoV2

    backend = FakeQuitoV2()

    qc = QuantumCircuit(3) # Initialize the quantum circuit with 3 qubits.
    
    qc.cswap(0,1,2) # Add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit.

    qc_b1 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=1)
    qc_b1.draw("mpl")                                              

When you set the ``qiskit.transpile`` to 2, the circuit undergoes a medium optimization process. 

> This involves utilizing a noise-adaptive layout and gate cancellation techniques based on commutation relationships, 

Author: Thank you so much for the article

#####################################
Setting transpiler optimization level
#####################################

This guide shows you how to use the ``optimization_level``

> parameter with :func:`~qiskit.compiler.transpile`.

Reviewer 4: The `~` results in only showing `transpile` rather than `qiskit.compiler.transpile`. Imo it is useful to show the whole import path.

```suggestion
parameter with :func:`qiskit.compiler.transpile`.
```

Author: that is ok because just put a link in the method, and the oder tutorials use the same format

For example, with :meth:`~qiskit.providers.fake_provider.FakeQuito`, you can learn about its qubit connections and the gates it uses to generate your quantum circuits.

.. testcode::

    print(f"Basis gates of your backend: {backend.configuration().basis_gates}")
    print(f"Coupling map of your backend: ",{backend.configuration().coupling_map}")

.. testoutput::

    Basis gates of your backend:  ['id', 'rz', 'sx', 'x', 'cx', 'reset']
    Coupling map of your backend:  [[0, 1], [1, 0], [1, 2], [1, 3], [2, 1], [3, 1], [3, 4], [4, 3]]

When setting the ``optimization_level`` to 0, the resulting quantum circuit is not optimized and simply mapped to the device, considering a trivial layout and stochastic swap. 
The coupling map, represented by the subset ``[[0,1],[1,0],[1,2],[2,1]]``, indicates the physical qubits available in the backend. 
In this configuration, the quantum circuit is transformed into a combination of one and two-qubit gates,
represented by the ``['id', 'rz', 'sx', 'x', 'cx', 'reset']``.

.. testcode::

    qc_b0 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=0)

>     qc_b0.draw("mpl")                          

Reviewer 4: Is this leftover? It sounds like you only want to use plot now. Ditto to all the other testcode directives in this file.

Reviewer 2: You can use the `:include-source:` option: https://matplotlib.org/stable/api/sphinxext_plot_directive_api.html#options on the plot directive to show the source code. in the single block with the visualization. For example, you can see this used already here: https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-terra/blob/df2ddcadf3c6d59b8bab8b0b1ceff14234fa82b5/qiskit/circuit/operation.py#L32

    qc_b1.draw("mpl")                                              

When you set the ``qiskit.transpile`` to 2, the circuit undergoes a medium optimization process. 
This involves using a noise-adaptive layout and gate cancellation techniques based on commutation relationships similar than 1 with multiple trials. 
Depending on the circuit, this level of optimization can occasionally yield the same results as light optimization.

.. testcode::

    qc_b2 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=2)
    qc_b2.draw("mpl")                                                   

.. plot::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister 
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile
    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeQuitoV2

    backend = FakeQuitoV2()

    qc = QuantumCircuit(3) # Initialize the quantum circuit with 3 qubits.
    
    qc.cswap(0,1,2) # Add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit.

    qc_b2 = transpile(qc,backend=backend,optimization_level=2)
    qc_b2.draw("mpl")                                                   

When you set the ``optimization_level`` to 3, it enables heavy optimization. 

> This level of optimization considers previous considerations and involves the resynthesis of two qubit blocks of gates in the circuit. 

Author: Thank you so much that is a really good feedback about the use of the words

parameter with :meth:`~qiskit.compiler.transpile`.
:attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` helps you to optimize your quantum circuit.
This parameter takes an integer which can be a value between 0 and 3,
where the higher the number the more optimized the result.
You can find more information about this parameter
`here <https://qiskit.org/documentation/tutorials/circuits_advanced/04_transpiler_passes_and_passmanager.html#Preset-Pass-Managers>`__.

Initialize the quantum circuit
==============================

The effect of setting the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` will differ depending on the backend you are using.
For this example you will exploring the `CSWAP <https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit.cswap.html>`__ gate,
a three qubit gate which will be transpiled into one and two qubit gates.

.. testcode::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister 
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile
    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeQuito #fake backend ibmq_quito

    backend = FakeQuito() # For this example the quito fake backend is used

>     qr = QuantumRegister(3) #Initialize the Quantum Register 
>     qc = QuantumCircuit(qr) # Initialize the quantum circuit 
>     
>     qc.cswap(qr[0],qr[1],qr[2]) #add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit

Reviewer: If you don't use the registers in a workflow later, you could also just drop them and initialize the circuit directly with the number of qubits. 
```suggestion
    qc = QuantumCircuit(3) 
    
    qc.cswap(0, 1, 2) #add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit
```

Author: I agree! I'll do the changes

    
    print(qc) #print the quantum circuit

.. testoutput::

    q0_0: ─■─
           │ 
    q0_1: ─X─
           │ 
    q0_2: ─X─
             
Using backend’s information
===========================

To apply :meth:`~qiskit.providers.fake_provider.FakeQuito` to your quantum circuit, you should adhere to its specific configurations 
when you utilize the :meth:`~qiskit.transpile` method. This process entails breaking down your circuit into :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.basis_gates`, 
and considering the physical connections specified in the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.coupling_map`` for two qubit gates. 
Given the presence of noise in the backend, it is crucial to optimize your circuit by adjusting the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` parameter. 
This will help minimize the number of circuit operations and enhance the overall performance.

If you set the optimization_level to 0, the coupling map for your backend will be **[[0,1],[1,0],[1,2],[2,1]]**, 
indicating the physical qubits in the backend. In this configuration, the quantum circuit is transformed into a combination of one and two-qubit gates,

> represented by the **['id', 'rz', 'sx', 'x', 'cx', 'reset']**.

Reviewer: It might be nice to show how to access this information, e.g. via `backend.configuration()`

Author: I think the same, only using backend.configuration() doesn't show the information.
I'm considering that this tutorial is only focus in the parameters that are affected when we use optimization_level, something like this

    print("Basis gates of your Backend: ",backend.configuration().basis_gates)
    print("Coupling map of your Backend: ",backend.configuration().coupling_map)

    Basis gates of your Backend:  ['id', 'rz', 'sx', 'x', 'cx', 'reset']
    Coupling map of your Backend:  [[0, 1], [1, 0], [1, 2], [1, 3], [2, 1], [3, 1], [3, 4], [4, 3]]

    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                         »
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                         »
    «                          ┌─────────┐                       
    «     q0_0 -> 0 ─────■─────┤ Rz(π/4) ├───■───────────────────
    «                  ┌─┴─┐   ├─────────┴┐┌─┴─┐            ┌───┐
    «     q0_1 -> 1 ───┤ X ├───┤ Rz(-π/4) ├┤ X ├────────────┤ X ├
    «               ┌──┴───┴──┐├─────────┬┘├───┴┐┌─────────┐└─┬─┘
    «     q0_2 -> 2 ┤ Rz(π/4) ├┤ Rz(π/2) ├─┤ √X ├┤ Rz(π/2) ├──■──
    «               └─────────┘└─────────┘ └────┘└─────────┘     
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                            
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                            

If you set the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` to 1, the circuit undergoes a light optimization process. 

> This results in a reduction in `CX <https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.circuit.library.CXGate.html>`__  gates 

Reviewer: Is it possible to just link to the CXGate class directly and avoid the explicit link? 
```suggestion
This results in a reduction in :class:`.CXGate` count
```

Author: I agree with you!

Initialize the quantum circuit
==============================

The effect of setting the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` will differ depending on the backend you are using.
For this example you will exploring the `CSWAP <https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit.cswap.html>`__ gate,
a three qubit gate which will be transpiled into one and two qubit gates.

.. testcode::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister 
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile
    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeQuito #fake backend ibmq_quito

    backend = FakeQuito() # For this example the quito fake backend is used

    qc = QuantumCircuit(3) # Initialize the quantum circuit with 3 qubits
    
    qc.cswap(qr[0],qr[1],qr[2]) #add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit
    
    print(qc) #print the quantum circuit

.. testoutput::

    q0_0: ─■─
           │ 
    q0_1: ─X─
           │ 
    q0_2: ─X─
             
Using backend’s information
===========================

To apply :meth:`~qiskit.providers.fake_provider.FakeQuito` to your quantum circuit, you should adhere to its specific configurations 

> when you utilize the :meth:`~qiskit.transpile` method. This process entails breaking down your circuit into :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.basis_gates`, 

Author: yes you can using with all the backends, thank you for the feedback!

> and considering the physical connections specified in the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.coupling_map`` for two qubit gates. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
and considering the physical connections specified in the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.coupling_map` for two qubit gates. 
```

Given the presence of noise in the backend, it is crucial to optimize your circuit by adjusting the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` parameter. 
This will help minimize the number of circuit operations and enhance the overall performance.

When using a backend, you can access its properties through the instruction  :meth:`backend.configuration()`.
These properties, such as basis gates, coupling map, and init layout, play a crucial role in shaping the behavior of the quantum circuit.

.. testcode::

>     print("Basis gates of your Backend: ",backend.configuration().basis_gates)

Reviewer 4: You should use f strings. This applies in general throughout the file

```suggestion
    print(f"Basis gates of your backend: {backend.configuration().basis_gates}")
```

    print("Coupling map of your Backend: ",backend.configuration().coupling_map)

.. testoutput::

    Basis gates of your Backend:  ['id', 'rz', 'sx', 'x', 'cx', 'reset']
    Coupling map of your Backend:  [[0, 1], [1, 0], [1, 2], [1, 3], [2, 1], [3, 1], [3, 4], [4, 3]]

> When setting the optimization_level to 0, the resulting quantum circuit is not optimized and utilizes only three qubits. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When setting the ``optimization_level`` to 0, the resulting quantum circuit is not optimized and utilizes only three qubits. 
```

> When setting the optimization_level to 0, the resulting quantum circuit is not optimized and utilizes only three qubits. 

Author: ok another section sounds fair, and yes, depends of the level taken ore time to qiskit do the job, and for certain quantum circuit, 1 is enough  than using 2 and 3, in this example 1 and 2 is the same result

    «               └──────────┘└─┬─┘└──────────┘└────┘└─────────┘└───┘     └───┘»
    «     q0_0 -> 2 ──────────────■──────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                            »
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                            »
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                            »
    «                                          
    «     q0_1 -> 0 ────────────────────────■──
    «               ┌───┐┌──────────┐┌───┐┌─┴─┐
    «     q0_2 -> 1 ┤ X ├┤ Rz(-π/4) ├┤ X ├┤ X ├
    «               └─┬─┘├─────────┬┘└─┬─┘└───┘
    «     q0_0 -> 2 ──■──┤ Rz(π/4) ├───■───────
    «                    └─────────┘           
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ───────────────────────────
    «                                          
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ───────────────────────────
    «                                          

Plotting the Results
====================

> ou can visualize the results of your previous examples by generating plot that show the depth, number of gates, and number of CX gates of your quantum circuits.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
You can visualize the results of your previous examples by generating plot that show the depth, number of gates, and number of CX gates of your quantum circuits.
```

> ou can visualize the results of your previous examples by generating plot that show the depth, number of gates, and number of CX gates of your quantum circuits.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
You can visualize the results of your previous examples by generating plot that show the depth, number of gates, and number of CX gates of your quantum circuits.
```

Author: Done it !

> You can visualize the results of your previous examples by generating plot that show the depth, number of gates, and number of CX gates of your quantum circuits.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can visualize the results of your previous examples by generating a plot that show the depth, number of gates, and number of CX gates of your quantum circuits.
```

.. testcode::

    
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt # import matplotlib to plot your result
    
    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    my_xticks = [str(i) for i in range(4)]
    plt.xticks(range(4), my_xticks)
    ax.plot(range(4), [qc_b0.depth(),qc_b1.depth(),qc_b2.depth(),qc_b3.depth()],label = "Number of depth", marker='o',color ='#6929C4')
    ax.plot(range(4), [qc_b0.size(),qc_B1.size(),qc_b2.size(),qc_b3.size()],label = "Number of gates", marker='o',color ='blue')

>     ax.plot(range(4), [qc_b0.num_nonlocal_gates(),qc_b1.num_nonlocal_gates(),qc_b2.num_nonlocal_gates(),qc_b3.num_nonlocal_gates()],label = "Number of non local gates", marker='o',color ='green')

Reviewer 4: This is hard to read. It would be better to format this over several lines. Tip: copy the code into a file, then run `black` on it. For example, I like to use the tool `pipx` to install Black globally, then you can run `black foo.py`.

parameter with :meth:`~qiskit.compiler.transpile`.

:attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` helps you to optimize your quantum circuit.
This parameter takes an integer which can be a value between 0 and 3,
where the higher the number, the more optimized the result.
You can find more information about this parameter
`here <https://qiskit.org/documentation/tutorials/circuits_advanced/04_transpiler_passes_and_passmanager.html#Preset-Pass-Managers>`_.

Initialize the quantum circuit
==============================

The effect of setting the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` will differ depending on the backend you are using.
For this example, you will explore the `CSWAP <https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit.cswap.html>`_ gate,
which is a three qubit gate which will be transpiled into one and two qubit gates.

.. testcode::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister 
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile
    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeQuito

    backend = FakeQuito()

    qc = QuantumCircuit(3) # Initialize the quantum circuit with 3 qubits.
    

>     qc.cswap(qr[0],qr[1],qr[2]) # Add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit.

Reviewer: The variable `qr` is not defined anymore 🙂 Could you run all code cells to ensure they execute without error?
```suggestion
    qc.cswap(0, 1, 2) # Add the cswap gate to the quantum circuit.
```

    
    print(qc)

.. testoutput::

    q0_0: ─■─
           │ 
    q0_1: ─X─
           │ 
    q0_2: ─X─
             
Using backend’s information
===========================

You should adhere to the specific configuration of your backend when utilizing :meth:`~qiskit.transpile`. 

> This process entails breaking down your circuit into :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.basis_gates`` and considering the physical connections specified in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process entails breaking down your circuit into :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.basis_gates` and considering the physical connections specified in the 
```

:attr:`~qiskit.transpile.coupling_map` for two qubit gates.
Given the presence of noise in the backend, it is crucial to optimize your circuit by adjusting the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` parameter. 
This will help minimize the number of circuit operations and enhance the overall performance.

What each optimization level does
---------------------------------

When using a backend, you can access its properties through the instruction  :meth:`backend.configuration()`.
These properties, such as basis gates, coupling map, and init layout, play a crucial role in shaping the behavior of the quantum circuit.

For example, with :meth:`~qiskit.providers.fake_provider.FakeQuito`, you can learn about its qubit connections and the gates it uses to generate your quantum circuits.

.. testcode::

    print(f"Basis gates of your backend: {backend.configuration().basis_gates}")
    print(f"Coupling map of your backend: ",{backend.configuration().coupling_map}")

.. testoutput::

    Basis gates of your backend:  ['id', 'rz', 'sx', 'x', 'cx', 'reset']
    Coupling map of your backend:  [[0, 1], [1, 0], [1, 2], [1, 3], [2, 1], [3, 1], [3, 4], [4, 3]]

> When setting the ``optimization_level`` to 0, the resulting quantum circuit is not optimized and utilizes only three qubits. 

Reviewer: What do you mean by "utilizes only 3 qubits"? In this example the circuit will always only use 3 qubits, independent of the optimization level, no? Maybe something like the following would be more suitable?
```suggestion
When setting the ``optimization_level`` to 0, the resulting quantum circuit is not optimized and simply mapped to the device. 
```

> The coupling map, represented by the subset **[[0,1],[1,0],[1,2],[2,1]]**, indicates the physical qubits available in the backend. 

Reviewer: This is a personal preference, but wouldn't it be nicer to wrap the coupling map and basis gates in code-font, as these are already in Python notation? (Same for the basis gates below)
```suggestion
The coupling map, represented by the subset ``[[0,1],[1,0],[1,2],[2,1]]``, indicates the physical qubits available in the backend. 
```

Author: I was thiking the same

In this configuration, the quantum circuit is transformed into a combination of one and two-qubit gates,
represented by the **['id', 'rz', 'sx', 'x', 'cx', 'reset']**.

.. testcode::

>     qc_b0 = transpile(qc,backend = backend,optimization_level = 0)

Reviewer: Is the testcode going to be displayed in the docs? If yes, it would be nice to follow the formatting style of Qiskit, i.e.
```suggestion
    qc_b0 = transpile(qc, backend=backend, optimization_level=0)
```
The same holds for other code cells 🙂

    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                         »
    «                          ┌─────────┐                       
    «     q0_0 -> 0 ─────■─────┤ Rz(π/4) ├───■───────────────────
    «                  ┌─┴─┐   ├─────────┴┐┌─┴─┐            ┌───┐
    «     q0_1 -> 1 ───┤ X ├───┤ Rz(-π/4) ├┤ X ├────────────┤ X ├
    «               ┌──┴───┴──┐├─────────┬┘├───┴┐┌─────────┐└─┬─┘
    «     q0_2 -> 2 ┤ Rz(π/4) ├┤ Rz(π/2) ├─┤ √X ├┤ Rz(π/2) ├──■──
    «               └─────────┘└─────────┘ └────┘└─────────┘     
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                            
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                            

When you set the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` to 1,the circuit undergoes a light optimization process that focuses on collapsing adjacent gates, 
improving the overall performance of the circuit. This results in a reduction in :class:`.CXGate` count and changes in the positions of qubits, 

> following the connections **[[0,1],[1,0],[2,1]]**. Specifically, gates such as :math:`RZ(\pi/4)` and :math:`RZ(\pi/2)` are replaced with a single gate, :math:`RZ(3\pi/4)`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following the connections **[[0,1],[1,0],[2,1]]**. In this example, the two adjacent gates :math:`RZ(\pi/4)` and :math:`RZ(\pi/2)` are replaced with a single :math:`RZ(3\pi/4)` operation. 
```

    «               └──────────┘└─┬─┘└──────────┘└────┘└─────────┘└───┘     └───┘»
    «     q0_0 -> 2 ──────────────■──────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                            »
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                            »
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                            »
    «                                          
    «     q0_1 -> 0 ────────────────────────■──
    «               ┌───┐┌──────────┐┌───┐┌─┴─┐
    «     q0_2 -> 1 ┤ X ├┤ Rz(-π/4) ├┤ X ├┤ X ├
    «               └─┬─┘├─────────┬┘└─┬─┘└───┘
    «     q0_0 -> 2 ──■──┤ Rz(π/4) ├───■───────
    «                    └─────────┘           
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ───────────────────────────
    «                                          
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ───────────────────────────
    «                                          

Plotting the Results
====================

> You can visualize the results of your previous examples by generating a plot that show the depth, number of gates, and number of CX gates of your quantum circuits.

Reviewer: Could we add a discussion of the results? At a first glance it looks strange that optimization level 3 has more gates -- we could for example point out that the target is to reduce the number of 2q gates, which is the best score for level 3.

.. testcode::

    
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    my_xticks = [str(i) for i in range(4)]
    plt.xticks(range(4), my_xticks)
    ax.plot(
        range(4),
        [qc_b0.depth(), qc1.depth(), qc2.depth(), qc3.depth()],

>         label="Number of depth",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        label="Depth",
```

        marker="o",
        color="#6929C4",
    )
    ax.plot(
        range(4),
        [qc_b0.size(), qc1.size(), qc2.size(), qc3.size()],
        label="Number of gates",
        marker="o",
        color="blue",
    )
    ax.plot(
        range(4),
        [
            qc_b0.num_nonlocal_gates(),
            qc1.num_nonlocal_gates(),
            qc2.num_nonlocal_gates(),
            qc3.num_nonlocal_gates(),
        ],
        label="Number of non local gates",
        marker="o",
        color="green",
    )

>     ax.set_title("Results of the optimization level using as backend ibmq_quito")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ax.set_title("Impact of the optimization level on ibmq_quito")
```

    ax.set_xlabel("Optimization Level")

>     ax.set_ylabel("Values")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ax.set_ylabel("Count")
```

    «               └───┘                     └─────────┘      └───┘     └───┘»
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                         »
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────»
    «                                                                         »
    «                          ┌─────────┐                       
    «     q0_0 -> 0 ─────■─────┤ Rz(π/4) ├───■───────────────────
    «                  ┌─┴─┐   ├─────────┴┐┌─┴─┐            ┌───┐
    «     q0_1 -> 1 ───┤ X ├───┤ Rz(-π/4) ├┤ X ├────────────┤ X ├
    «               ┌──┴───┴──┐├─────────┬┘├───┴┐┌─────────┐└─┬─┘
    «     q0_2 -> 2 ┤ Rz(π/4) ├┤ Rz(π/2) ├─┤ √X ├┤ Rz(π/2) ├──■──
    «               └─────────┘└─────────┘ └────┘└─────────┘     
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                            
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                            

> When you set the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` to 1,the circuit undergoes a light optimization process that focuses on collapsing adjacent gates, 

Author: I understand the idea and the reason you gave me, the problem is a good idea using those methods or explain in a general way, because how to use optimization_level and not the theoretical part? I'll proposal a general way to explain all of this

    «                  ┌─┴─┐   ├─────────┴┐┌─┴─┐            ┌───┐
    «     q0_1 -> 1 ───┤ X ├───┤ Rz(-π/4) ├┤ X ├────────────┤ X ├
    «               ┌──┴───┴──┐├─────────┬┘├───┴┐┌─────────┐└─┬─┘
    «     q0_2 -> 2 ┤ Rz(π/4) ├┤ Rz(π/2) ├─┤ √X ├┤ Rz(π/2) ├──■──
    «               └─────────┘└─────────┘ └────┘└─────────┘     
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                            
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ─────────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                            

When you set the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level` to 1,the circuit undergoes a light optimization process that focuses on collapsing adjacent gates, 
improving the overall performance of the circuit. This results in a reduction in :class:`.CXGate` count and changes in the positions of qubits, 
following the connections **[[0,1],[1,0],[2,1]]**. Specifically, gates such as :math:`RZ(\pi/4)` and :math:`RZ(\pi/2)` are replaced with a single gate, :math:`RZ(3\pi/4)`. 

.. note::
    This optimization level is the default setting.

.. testcode::

>     qc_b1 = transpile(qc,backend = backend,optimization_level = 1)
>     
>     print(qc_b1)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    qc_b1 = transpile(qc, backend=backend, optimization_level=1)
    print(qc_b1)
```

    «                                                                             »
    «                    ┌───┐                                
    «     q0_1 -> 0 ──■──┤ X ├──■──────────────────────────■──
    «               ┌─┴─┐└─┬─┘┌─┴─┐┌───┐┌──────────┐┌───┐┌─┴─┐
    «     q0_2 -> 1 ┤ X ├──■──┤ X ├┤ X ├┤ Rz(-π/4) ├┤ X ├┤ X ├
    «               └───┘     └───┘└─┬─┘├─────────┬┘└─┬─┘└───┘
    «     q0_0 -> 2 ─────────────────■──┤ Rz(π/4) ├───■───────
    «                                   └─────────┘           
    «ancilla_0 -> 3 ──────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                         
    «ancilla_1 -> 4 ──────────────────────────────────────────
    «                                                         

When you set the :attr:`~qiskit.transpile.optimization_level`` to 2, the circuit undergoes a medium optimization process. 
This involves using a noise-adaptive layout and gate cancellation techniques based on commutation relationships. 
Depending on the circuit, this level of optimization can occasionally yield the same results as light optimization.

.. testcode::

>     qc_b2 = transpile(qc,backend = backend,optimization_level = 2)
>     
>     print(qc_b2)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    qc_b2 = transpile(qc, backend=backend, optimization_level=2)
    print(qc_b2)
```
